[Music]
put a lemon with salt on a plate and see
what happens when life gives you lemons
make lemonade we all know it but what
will happen when life also gives you
salt to add to the lemon plate if you
think it will just start a cocktail
party you don't even know how far off
the right answer you are lemons sure do
spice up your drinks but they can do
much much more and we are going to prove
it to you
but first what will happen if you put a
lemon with salt on a plate we know how
great lemons can be this is something
phenomenal for centuries people in
certain countries and cultures believed
that lemons can drive away negative
energy both from you and your entire
house not only do they drive the bat
away but they also attract well-being
and prosperity do you want it all then
try it it is all very simple you are
going to need some green lemons and salt
slice the lemons and put them on a glass
plate add salt to them put the plates
somewhere in your house preferably where
you and other family members spend most
of the time on the next day put the
lemons in a plastic bag without touching
them because they absorbed the negative
energy if you repeat this at least four
days in a row you will see the positive
changes in your house and you will feel
better
just think of it lemon can consume all
of the bad and evil you bring from the
outside it is the bad energy of anger
jealous people the crazy environment and
all that stress and anxiety you don't
want to live with all that and you don't
want your kids to be exposed to it right
you can also create a to-go version of
this remedy put a green lemon in your
bag or pocket and carry it with you all
day you will see how dry the lemon gets
by the evening that is because it has
absorbed all the negative energy for the
day you can throw it away and get
another lemon for the next day this
trick will protect you from the negative
energy coming your way from many sources
outside it all sounds too good to be
true but it works don't try to go too
deep searching any logical explanation
to this just believe the wisdom of the
ages lemon with salt works better than
anything else when it comes to absorbing
the negative energy your house will be a
much healthier
and happier environment if you try it it
will restore harmony and even change
your financial situation for the better
a happier more balanced person can make
more money and we guess you need no
proof of that
see in the old times lemons used to be
so rare Kings gave them to each other as
gifts they did it for a reason
lemons are worth a lot even though now
these berries don't cost that much
yes lemons are berries because they have
their seeds inside the fruit and if you
use 500 of those wired berries they will
conduct enough electricity to power a
flashlight bulb but even much less than
500 lemons can do you a lot of good now
let us take a look at the list of eleven
surprising uses for lemons you have
probably never heard of number eleven
DIY deodorant yes you could use lemon
juice as a healthy eco-friendly 100%
organic deodorant all you have to do is
cut a lemon in half and rub your armpits
with it the odor and disgust causing
bacteria will be killed by the citric
acid in lemon juice if you can't buy a
lemon and cut it and you suddenly feel
like you need this DIY deodorant you can
just use the wedge from your drinking
glass at a cafe that should do the trick
too
by the way if you use a regular
deodorant and it gave your clothes
armpit stains like most of them do lemon
juice can also be of help
you mix it with water and equal parts
scrub it onto the stain and let the
clothes air dry
number 10 cleanse your face lemon juice
is a great natural face cleanser and
exfoliator it will also help you fight
the blackheads if you dab it on them
during the day so if you have lemons in
your fridge you have the solution to
blackheads problem and it's probably
been bugging you for a long time number
9 freshen your breath rinse your mouth
with the lemon juice impromptu mouthwash
just pour it in a bottle and go for it
if you want a longer lasting effect you
can swallow it the citric acid will kill
the bacteria causing bad breath don't
overdo it though because it can harm
tooth enamel number eight whiten your
teeth
lemon juice and baking soda can whiten
your teeth no joke mix them in a bubbly
paste and apply it to your teeth with
the q-tip leave it on for no longer than
a minute not to hurt the enamel use your
toothbrush to scrub it off
number seven soften dry elbows you might
have dry elbows in the winter when your
skin gets drier or it can be a problem
all year round baking soda and lemon
juice paste can solvent rub it into your
elbows and enjoy the soothing smoothing
effect it has lemons are not only an
excellent source of calcium vitamin C
magnesium and potassium which makes them
great for your skin hair and nails they
can also do much good to your home
spoiler this section will contain the
answer you've all been waiting for so
stay alert
number six fresh in the fridge if you
open your fridge and it smells like
garlic old soup and fish at the same
time you can call lemon for help just
leave a cotton ball or a sponge dipped
and lemon juice inside your fridge for a
few hours this trick will also work with
your cutting board number 5 remove any
stains berries wine oil and even mildew
lemon juice can conquer them all for
durable fabrics try a paste of lemon
juice and salt more delicate ones can be
saved by saturating the stain with lemon
juice do not forget to wash it out to
remove stains from your hands try
washing them with undiluted lemon juice
after a few minutes you can wash it off
with warm soapy water will you try this
trick next time you get stained give
this video a like to let us know
number 4 laundry brightener it is good
at removing stains and it also works as
a non-toxic alternative to bleaching to
brighten your white clothes add a
quarter cup of lemon juice to your
regular washing powder you are going to
love the results
number three get rid of grease lemon
works better than most chemical grease
removers seen on TV and it is organic
and more than affordable sprinkle a
greasy surface counters dishes or
whatever that can be greasy with a mix
of 1/2 of a lemon and coarse salt finish
it by wiping with a towel number to
prevent sticky rice one teaspoon of
lemon juice and a pot of simmering rice
will make it perfectly fluffy and stick
free this trick is simple but it can
seriously take your cooking to a whole
new level
number one preserve food we know it does
well at freshening the fridge but it can
also help preserve its contents a little
lemon juice will help keep your greens
green and fresh and prevent your apples
pears and potatoes from getting brown
make sure you share this information
with your friends and family everyone
deserves to know there is a simple way
to make their life better give us a
thumbs up if you agree make sure to
subscribe to our channel not to miss any
important updates stay on the bright
side of life